docs: Add docs for LightGBM execution mode (#1779)
microsoft/SynapseML: website/docs/features/lightgbm/about.md

validators](https://spark.apache.org/docs/latest/ml-tuning.html).

Models built can be saved as SparkML pipeline with native LightGBM model
using `saveNativeModel()`. Additionally, they're fully compatible with [PMML](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Predictive_Model_Markup_Language) and
can be converted to PMML format through the
[JPMML-SparkML-LightGBM](https://github.com/alipay/jpmml-sparkml-lightgbm) plugin.

### Execution Mode

SynapseML must pass data from Spark partitions to LightGBM Datasets before turning over control to
the native LightGBM execution code. Datasets can either be created per partition (useSingleDatasetMode=false), or
per executor (useSingleDatasetMode=true). Generally, one Dataset per executor is more efficient since it reduces LightGBM network size and complexity during training or fitting. It also avoids using slow network protocols on partitions
that are actually on the same executor node.

> For the loading of partition data into Datasets, SyanpseML can do it in either a "streaming" or "bulk" execution mode. This mode
> doesn't affect training, just how data is put into Datasets. It can, however, affect memory usage and overall
> fit/transform time. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SyanpseML has two modes, "streaming" and "bulk", that control how data is transferred from Spark to LightGBM. This mode does not affect training but can affect memory usage fit/transform time. 
```

#### Bulk Execution mode

> "Bulk" mode is older and requires accumulating all data in executor memory before creating Datasets. This original mode can cause
> OOM errors for large data, especially since the data must be accumulated in its original double-format size.
> For now, "bulk" mode is the default since "streaming" is new, but SynapseML will eventually make streaming the default once
> it has seen more usage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The "Bulk" mode requires accumulating all data in executor memory before creating Datasets. This mode can cause
OOM errors for large data, especially since the data must be accumulated in its original double-format size.
For now, "bulk" mode is the default since the "streaming" is new, but SynapseML will eventually make streaming the default.
```

streaming APIs and thus don't require loading extra copies of the data into memory. Data is passed directly
from partitions to Datasets in small "micro-batches", similar to Spark streaming. You can adjust the micro-batch size.
Smaller sizes reduce memory overhead, but larger sizes avoid as much marshaling back and forth across the native boundary. The default
100, which still uses far less memory than bulk mode since only 100 rows of data will be loaded at a time. If you have
a small number of columns, you could increase the batch size, and conversely if
you have a large number of columns you could decrease it.

Also, the new streaming APIs developed for SynapseML are thread-safe, and allow all partitions in the same executor
to push data into a shared Dataset in parallel. Because of this, streaming mode always uses the more efficient
"useSingleDatasetMode=true", creating only one Dataset per executor.

You can explicitly specify Execution Mode and MicroBatch size as parameters.

    val lgbm = new LightGBMClassifier()
        .setExecutionMode("streaming")
        .setMicroBatchSize(100)
        .setLabelCol(labelColumn)

>         .setObjective(binaryObjective)

Reviewer: can you give this an explicit value so people can copy-paste

Reviewer: binaryObjective

Author: oh oh, I missed that. thanks. read right over it as a literal :)

> SynapseML worked with the native LightGBM team to create more efficient LightGBM APIs that work more like common
> streaming APIs and thus don't require loading extra copies of the data into memory. Data is passed directly
> from partitions to Datasets in small "micro-batches", similar to Spark streaming. You can adjust the micro-batch size.
> Smaller sizes reduce memory overhead, but larger sizes avoid as much marshaling back and forth across the native boundary. The default
> 100, which still uses far less memory than bulk mode since only 100 rows of data will be loaded at a time. If you have
> a small number of columns, you could increase the batch size, and conversely if
> you have a large number of columns you could decrease it.
> 
> Also, the new streaming APIs developed for SynapseML are thread-safe, and allow all partitions in the same executor
> to push data into a shared Dataset in parallel. Because of this, streaming mode always uses the more efficient
> "useSingleDatasetMode=true", creating only one Dataset per executor.
> 
> You can explicitly specify Execution Mode and MicroBatch size as parameters.
> 
>     val lgbm = new LightGBMClassifier()
>         .setExecutionMode("streaming")
>         .setMicroBatchSize(100)
>         .setLabelCol(labelColumn)
>         .setObjective(binaryObjective)
>         .setUseBarrierExecutionMode(true)
>     ...
>     <train classifier>
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The "streaming" execution mode uses new LightGBM APIs that don't require loading extra copies of the data into memory. In particular, data is passed directly
from partitions to Datasets in small "micro-batches", similar to Spark streaming. The `microBatchSize` parameter controls the size of these micro-batches.
Smaller micro-batch sizes reduce memory overhead, but larger sizes avoid overhead from repeatedly transferring data to the native layer. The default
100, uses far less memory than bulk mode since only 100 rows of data will be loaded at a time. If your dataset has 
few columns, you can increase the batch size. Alternatively, if
your dataset has a large number of columns you can decrease the micro-batch size to avoid OOM issues.

Also, the new streaming APIs developed for SynapseML are thread-safe, and allow all partitions in the same executor
to push data into a shared Dataset in parallel. Because of this, streaming mode always uses the more efficient
"useSingleDatasetMode=true", creating only one Dataset per executor.

You can explicitly specify Execution Mode and MicroBatch size as parameters.

    val lgbm = new LightGBMClassifier()
        .setExecutionMode("streaming")
        .setMicroBatchSize(100)
        .setLabelCol(labelColumn)
        .setObjective(binaryObjective)
        .setUseBarrierExecutionMode(true)
    ...
    <train classifier>

```

### Barrier Execution Mode

By default LightGBM uses regular spark paradigm for launching tasks and communicates with the driver to coordinate task execution.
The driver thread aggregates all task host:port information and then communicates the full list back to the workers in order for NetworkInit to be called.
This procedure requires the driver to know how many tasks there are, and if the expected number of tasks is different from actual it will cause the initialization to deadlock.

> There's a UseBarrierExecutionMode flag, which when activated uses the barrier() stage to block all tasks.
> The barrier execution mode simplifies the logic to aggregate host:port information across all tasks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To avoid this issue use the `UseBarrierExecutionMode` flag, to use Apache Spark's `barrier()` stage to ensure all tasks execute at the same time.
Barrier execution mode simplifies the logic to aggregate `host:port` information across all tasks.
```

Author: ok, now you are editing parts I didn't change  :)
